Add FAQs section to README with 4 Qs (#1260)
MT-CTF/capturetheflag: README.md

  * Run something like this when starting your server: `(cd minetest/worlds/yourworld && redis-server) | <command to launch your minetest server>`
    * If you run your Minetest server using a system service it is recommended to run redis-server on a seperate service, with the Minetest service depending upon it

## FAQ

### 1. Why mobs aren't added?

> Mobs have been suggested from very early days of CTF by several. The question has always been no. The short answer is that mobs use a lot of resources without adding much gameplay. The longer answer is that smart mobs usually require a lot of CPU, the network usage is high. The same resource could be allocated to more players who add much more to the gameplay comparing to mobs. However, there are many unofficial servers which might have mods, you can play there if you like them. Or, since CTF is FOSS, free open source software, you can fork it and do whatever you like. Maybe you could prove the developers they are wrong by adding efficient *and* smart mobs :)

Reviewer: "The devs aren't aware of any way to add them without causing more lag than they're worth"

Reviewer: This feels out of place here and would fit better in a Matrix/Discord FAQ

Author: Not sure about this. It doesn't feel out of place here as people are trying to contribute to CTF codebase through GH.

Reviewer: They should search through the open/closed issues before asking something https://github.com/MT-CTF/capturetheflag/issues?q=is%3Aissue+mobs

I'd be fine with mentioning that in the Github Issue Template for this repo

> ### 2. I'm trying to run a CTF server but it crashes soon after it gets started.
> 
> If you are having a small VPS, like with 2GB of RAM, it is likely that the crash is because of lack of memory. You can turn `ctf_low_ram_mode` on my setting it to `true` in your `minetest.conf` file(or whatever your config file name is) to solve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. I'm trying to run a CTF server but it crashes soon after starting.

It's probably crashing due to limited memory (RAM), and/or you didn't compile Minetest with LuaJIT.
Setting `ctf_low_ram_mode` to `true` in your `minetest.conf` may fix the issue
```

### 3. I want to host a CTF public server with X players. How much resources do I need?

> TBD

Reviewer: This varies a LOT, and is not something I want to answer. Just host a server with what you can afford, with whatever limit you want, and adjust it as you become familiar with the capabilities of your server

Author: What if I want to host a server for 24 players. What are the recommended specs? This question is about this

Reviewer: There are a million different answers, and it's not a question specific to CTF, or it shouldn't be if things were coded right at least

  * Run something like this when starting your server: `(cd minetest/worlds/yourworld && redis-server) | <command to launch your minetest server>`
    * If you run your Minetest server using a system service it is recommended to run redis-server on a seperate service, with the Minetest service depending upon it

## FAQ

### 1. Why mobs aren't added?

> Mobs have been suggusted from very early days of CTF from several. The question has always been no. The short answer is that mobs use a lot of resources without adding much gameplay. The longer answer is that smart mobs usually require a lot of CPU, the network usage is high. The same resource could be allocated to more players who add much more to the gameplay comparing to mobs. However, there are many unofficial servers which might have mods, you can play there if you like them. Or, since CTF is FOSS, free open source software, you can fork it and do whatever you like. Maybe you could prove the developers they are wrong by adding efficient *and* smart mobs :)

Reviewer 2: sugg**e**sted

Author: Didn't get it?
